enter the class hello to all students
please take your quests
control us to do it a little
surprise control writes little problem
the afte patients but sir louis
stone we are tired of your controls
as we leave the margins in fact
a lot too much and you're getting shorter and
their writings because of that is not it
the train station
this chess game behavior
and now what are we doing
should do some streamers where the freak
I am interested in water always sir
sow have a problem whatever
problem of wildlife I wanted dog
you are sure stays more than a month I
do not understand frightful I did
too many controls in london stone
why are you making a revolution
because he's doing far too much
controls
at home that says you gentleman suffers
know his job well I do not
understand not explain me better no
the more I do not understand that they do that
against them a day
and as everywhere we want them to do
maximum three checks a week and
killer extension to recreate five minutes
before and five minutes after yeah we go
wait to discuss the fia we took
a decision sir will blow to
present three checks a week
precisely for recreation ten minutes
get up we can not do that it's I
know the rules by heart but
I agree to extend the
regulation five minutes it suits you
I 'm fine with you
guys get back to work
calmly and that all this is happening again
more because each set not that me
and now we work I do not
stir
register and find all our
broadcasts on our website www.ma class
his TV point be